Link to the community-tc-config repo (#3596)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/drnZ9nrASL2v6iCsnQdx2w.md

audience: developers
level: silent
---

> Add a link to community-tc-config repo in EXPECTATIONS.md

Reviewer: Changelogs are [phrased in the present tense, as if the change had just been deployed](https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster/blob/main/dev-docs/best-practices/changelog.md)
```suggestion
EXPECTATIONS.md now contains a link to the mozilla/community-tc-config repository.
```
(that's a little bit awkward for this change, but that's because it's a developer-doc change)
